Questions 

q1:
Write a program which will find all such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a multiple of 5,
between 2000 and 3200 (both included).
The numbers obtained should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.
Hints: 
Consider use range(#begin, #end) method

q2:
Write a program which can compute the factorial of a given numbers.
The results should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
8
Then, the output should be:
40320

q3:
With a given integral number n, write a program to generate a dictionary that contains (i, i*i) such that is an integral number between 1 and n (both included). and then the program should print the dictionary.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
8
Then, the output should be:
{1: 1, 2: 4, 3: 9, 4: 16, 5: 25, 6: 36, 7: 49, 8: 64}

Hints:
In case of input data being supplied to the question, it should be assumed to be a console input.
Consider use dict()

q4:
Question:
Write a program which accepts a sequence of comma-separated numbers from console and generate a list and a tuple which contains every number.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
34,67,55,33,12,98
Then, the output should be:
['34', '67', '55', '33', '12', '98']
('34', '67', '55', '33', '12', '98')

q5:
class which has at least two methods:
getString: to get a string from console input
printString: to print the string in upper case.
Also please include simple test function to test the class methods.

Hints:
Use __init__ method to construct some parameters

q6:
Write a method which can calculate the area of a circle
Hints: Using the ** Operator

q7:
Python has many built-in functions, and if you do not know how to use it, you can read document online or find some books. But Python has a built-in document function for every built-in functions.
Please write a program to print some Python built-in functions documents, such as abs(), int(), raw_input()
And add document for your own function
    
Hints:
    The built-in document method is __doc__

q8:
    Define a class, which have a class parameter and have a same instance parameter.

Hints: Define a instance parameter, need add it in __init__ method
    You can init a object with construct parameter or set the value later

q9:
Define a function that can convert a integer into a string and print it in console.

Hints: Use str() to convert a number to string.

q10:
Define a function that can receive two integral numbers in string form and compute their sum and then print it in console.

Hints: Use int() to convert a string to integer.


